# Pocket Caddy

Pockey Caddy is an app for tracking scores in disc-golf (possibly to be expanded to ball golf). Users will be able to keep score during rounds, reference scores later, check thier average scores and more. The app will also provide data on available courses (par, hole information, number of holes) and, as a stretch goal, allow users to enter course information to create thier own.

# Instructions

Visit 'Create Account' to create an account and log in. You will not be able to use the Game tracker or View Account features unless you first log in to an account. To create your account, enter a values into each of the fields and click 'Sign Up'. The two password fields must match or the account will not be created.

Once logged in, you can begin a round by clicking 'Game Tracker'. Enter the requested details. Course ID, Tournament ID and at least one player are required to begin a round. Courses and thier locations and IDs can be referenced in the 'Courses' menu (also available before signing in). Use Tournament ID #1 to create a casual round. At this time, new tournaments cannot be generated by users, and must be manually added to the database. Once the required values are enterred, click Start Round to begin tracking your round. On each hole, enter a score for each player, then click 'Submit Hole Scores' to add those scores to your score sheet. You can end your round at any time by clicking 'End Game'.

After you've completed a game, you can view the results in the 'View Account' tab. Here, you can also delete your account, which will delete all associated rounds and scorecards. A prompt will appear to verify that you would indeed like to delete your account.

#User Stories

Users can create accounts that will allow them to track thier disc golf scores.

Users can begin a round of disc golf in the app and keep track of the score during the round.

Users should be able to select a course from a list of previously enterred courses.

Users should be able to look at a list of thier scores by round or other metrics (par_over_under, total_score, course, etc)

*Stretch* Users should be able to submit a course by enterring various necessary information.
